Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
"Previously on" 24.
Tony Almeida from C.T.U.
Has just informed us that...
they were unable to confiscate
this Cordilla virus in Mexico.
This man, Amador, where is he now?
Latest working theory is that Amador has this
virus and is headed back here to Los Angeles.
I let you live.
Tell me what you know.
Anytime Amador does business
on the West Coast...
he washes his deal
through a man named Alvers.
- How does Amador contact Alvers?
- I don't know. I've never met him.
Hello?
Marcus, it's me.
I'll be there in an hour.
- You got the virus?
- Yes.
- Just be ready.
- I will be.
I've gotta go see Julia Milliken.
No. No. I don't want you to go
anywhere near her or Alan tonight.
- You think I'm scared of you?
- Julia, my pills!
- No, don't.
- What are you doing?
- Don't.
- Sherry?
- This is your way out.
- We killed him.
No. But there's one thing you're gonna have
to be really clear about.
When the authorities
come around questioning you...
I was never here.
The following takes place
between 2:00 a.m. and 3:00 a.m.
- I got her!
- "Agent Bauer."
- "Yeah?"
- I'm Jason Carasone from Division.
These men will be escorting
the prisoner back to C.T.U.
- She doesn't leave my sight.
- I know. You can accompany her
in the lead van. Let's go.
This is Carasone.
Yeah. Yeah, he's right here.
Agent Edmunds,
it's a Chloe O'Brian from your office.
- Hey, Jack, I'll take another car.
- Okay.
- Yeah, Chloe?
- Chase, they found out.
- Who found out what?
- Everybody here found out about Angela.
- They all know she's your daughter.
- What? How?
The babysitter flaked. She had
a family emergency and brought her here.
You brought Angela into C.T.U?
What was I supposed to do? Your sister's
out of town. There is no one else.
You have no idea what I've been through
in the past couple of hours.
Okay, okay, okay. Chloe, thank you
for covering. I appreciate it.
- But where is Angela right now?
- She's downstairs with Marcy until you get back.
Did Kim find out?
- Chloe, did Kim find out?
- Yes. Yes, Kim found out.
- How'd she react?
- Uh, gosh, Chase. I think she's kind of pissed.
All right, listen. I'm coming back to C.T.U.
Right now. I'll take care of everything.
Fine.
Here's the situation.
We believe Michael Amador
is in possession of the Cordilla virus.
We believe he is either headed to
Los Angeles or is here already.
We estimate he has enough of the pathogen
to take out a major metropolitan area.
Our only lead is Nina Myers, who's being
brought back to C.T.U. Right now.
She thinks Amador is meeting with a man
here in Los Angeles...
by the name of Marcus Alvers.
Adam's done a workup on him.
We have some background, but there's nothing
that places him definitively in L.A. Today.
That's it?
What about Interpol?
What do they have on Alvers?
Our data tracking's a little behind,
so we weren't able to access that report.
- Why are we behind?
- We didn't update the European contact logs...
while I was down.
Michelle, you were the ranking agent.
- I-I didn't think Europe was a priority.
- Obviously, it was.
- There was a lot going on at the time.
- " All right."
Let's get back to work
and let's try to ease up on the mistakes...
for the rest of the night as there are
millions of lives depending on us.
Michelle.
Come.
I just got off with C.T.U.
What's the status
on the virus?
Well, it's not good.
The limited intelligence they have supports...
- their original suspicion.
- It's on its way to Los Angeles.
David, it may already be here.
Then we should be prepared in
case they target other cities.
Our people in the security envelope
have been alerted.
Trust me. It's being handled.
Now why don't you try and go get some rest?
- I'm on this.
- " Mr. President?"
"Mrs. Palmer's here to see you."
Send her in, please.
Start waking people up. Set up a conference
call with the appropriate cabinet members.
Homeland Security, F.B.I.,
National Health Services...
- we're gonna need everyone on this one.
- Yes, sir.
Wayne.
Sherry, I asked you here to help me,
not make things worse.
I did not want you
going to Alan Milliken's house.
Well, relax, David. I didn't go there.
- You didn't go?
- No.
When we spoke on the phone...
you told me it was crucial that
you speak toJulia in person.
Yes, and I changed my mind.
I-I spoke to her over the phone.
- About what?
- About Kelly's disappearance. I asked her...
if she would check Alan's cell phone
and see if there were any recently made calls.
If she would check Alan's cell phone
- And?
- She wouldn't do it.
You don't take no
for an answer, Sherry.
- What aren't you telling me?
- Nothing, David. I swear.
What have you been up to since we
last talked if you weren't at Milliken's?
- Making calls.
- You could've made them from here.
Yes, but I didn't.
I parked on the side of the road. I started
making calls, because I didn't want to wait.
I told you.
We have a small window of opportunity here.
I wanted to exploit the fact that Milliken
may not have had time to cover his tracks...
when he had someone grab Kelly.
All right.
- I have other things to attend to.
- "Okay."
- Is there anything else?
- That's it.
Hello, Nina. Take her into
Interrogation 8-19.
Yes, sir.
What's the security configuration?
Don't worry about it, Jack.
We're handling Nina.
Ryan, you know what she's capable of.
That's none of your concern right now.
I'm sending you to Medical to get checked out.
- I'm fine.
- I don't think you are.
What's this about?
We found evidence
you've been injecting heroin.
Tell me I'm off here, Jack.
Tell me I'm wrong.
- I didn't think so.
- Ryan, I haven't missed a step. I'm fine.
Well, I have to cover my ass.
I need to get you checked out.
You're wasting time.
- Kim.
- Yeah?
Um, I thought you'd
want to know your dad's back.
What about Chase?
Uh, he's a few minutes behind him.
Thank you.
- Kim.
- Dad.
Oh, God.
She's here.
I know, sweetheart. I know.
Look, I have to debrief Chappelle.
I'll see you in a minute, okay?
Dad, I know about
your drug problem.
Why didn't you
come to me with this?
Come here. Come here.
I'm sorry, baby. I'm sorry.
I was embarrassed, and it wasn't
your problem, and it still isn't.
I didn't want you to worry.
Well, is it over?
No, not exactly.
I think I'm gonna have to
go into a program, get some help.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
Chappelle wants me to go into
the clinic and get checked out.
- We'll talk about this later. Okay?
- Okay.
Don't worry.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
Jack, I'm glad you're back.
It's been difficult without you.
Thanks, Chloe.
- Chase.
- Yeah?
- I need to talk to you.
- " Okay."
Take a few minutes
and then come in my office.
Yeah, sure.
Mr. Milliken?
Oh, my God.
Mrs. Milliken! Come quickly!
"Quickly!"
Hey. How's the hand?
It's fine. How'd Chappelle find out?
I don't know. It doesn't really matter.
What's going on out there?
Almeida's gonna be interrogating Nina.
I'll follow it from a feed.
Okay, good. Make sure Tony
puts double security on the doors.
Get back to me as soon as
she gives you anything.
- "Agent Bauer, keep pressure here."
- "Sure. Thank you."
Jack, you're about to find something out
about me that's not gonna make you happy.
- What are you talking about?
- Excuse me. Do you mind?
I've got a daughter.
- A daughter?
- It was sprung on me a month ago.
Her mother dropped her off,
and she split. It's a long story.
- Does Kim know about this?
- Yeah.
- From you?
- I haven't had the chance to talk to her myself yet.
You square this with her, Chase.
You understand me?
You just make it right.
And get back to me as soon as
Nina gives you anything.
I will.
- Are we up yet?
- Yep. Video's piped in.
Voice analysis, vitals, transcription.
They're all set.
- "Nick, do you copy?"
- Yeah, I read you.
- "We're ready to go."
- " All right. Recording to hard drive now."
- So, Tony's doing this?
- Yeah.
- Is that gonna be weird for you?
- What do you mean?
Di-Didn't he and Nina go out?
Yeah.
- We set?
- Yeah.
All right. I want you to do
a high-res on her eyes. She's tired.
- We might be able to pick up a tell.
- Okay.
- So, are we all right?
- Yeah, we're fine.
All right. Let's do this.
I got the high-res on monitor two.
Tony. I didn't know
I was going to see you today.
You know what we want.
We need to find Michael Amador
before he unloads the virus.
- I already told Jack everything I know.
- Well, I want you to tell me.
First Jack, now you.
Hmm, what does that remind me of?
You told Jack that Amador
might try to contact a Marcus Alvers?
So, where do we look for Alvers?
That's a nice ring.
Who's the lucky girl?
Hope you did a background check though.
You don't wanna make the same mistake twice.
You're going back to prison.
There's a good chance you'll be
executed as a traitor.
Now you know if you cooperate,
you may be able to save your own life.
But you're stalling,
which means you know something...
and you still think
there's a play you can make.
Only now is not the right time.
Very incisive.
I hope your wife
appreciates that about you.
Why don't you tell me about Alvers?
All I know is that
he works only with Amador.
I don't know him personally.
Well, all we've been able to dig up on him
are a few random medical records.
Under one of his known aliases.
He had an M.R.I. On one of his knees.
There's a prescription for antibiotics.
Treated for H.I.V.
"Her pulse is spiking."
Someone hasn't been using
protection with Marcus Alvers.
She's probably had sex with him.
See, Nina, my colleagues
in the next room tell me...
that something in those medical records...
concerns you.
I'm guessing it's not the knee.
There.
- Marcus.
- Michael.
- How was your trip?
- Interesting.
I still don't understand why
you risked so much down in Mexico...
why you didn't come here directly.
$240 million made it worth the risk.
What about Nina?
If she wasn't killed by the
bomb, I'm sure her buyers...
took care of her once they found out
she didn't deliver the virus.
Either way, she's out of the picture.
I hope so. She can point to both of us.
We'll be long gone
before anyone starts looking.
I got it though.
I can take care of it.
Kim.
- Look, I know we haven't talked since I got back.
- No, we haven't.
I know what you must be thinking.
You need to give me a chance to explain.
I don't know what to think.
Look, I'm happy that you're okay.
But this thing...
You have a baby, Chase.
We've been together for more than three
months, and you kept this secret from me.
Who's the mother?
Where does she fit in to this?
That's what I wanna talk about. I didn't know
I had a daughter until a month ago.
- How could you not know?
- Angela's mother and I went out last year.
Okay? It's over. And when it ended,
she never told me she was pregnant.
Now, she calls a month ago and tells me
she has a baby, and that I'm the father...
and that she's in trouble,
and she can't handle it.
I was afraid to let people find out.
I was afraid it was gonna mess us up.
But you told Chloe.
Chloe and my sister have been helping me
take care of the baby. She's a good friend.
Excuse me.
Chase, you wanted me to let you know
when Angela woke up.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Kim, I'm just as confused as you are.
But all I know is that I love you,
and I'm falling in love with Angela too.
I need to make this work.
Go on.
Hey.
What's happening with
the Nina interrogation?
- They're getting something.
- What?
The connection between Alvers and Nina
might be deeper than we thought.
You better hope she's not spinning your wheels
because she knows how...
to manipulate
our interrogation protocol.
- Tony knows what he's doing.
- Okay, fine.
I need to get together with Chloe.
I need everything she's got
on the Amador investigation.
- Not yet.
- Ryan, look, you're wasting my time.
Now I humored you with the physical.
We both know my blood work's...
gonna come back with trace amounts
of opiates, but enough is enough.
Rae Plachecki from the Inspector General's
office is here. She wants to talk to you.
- Well, this is not the time.
- Actually, it is.
You'll talk to her. Then we'll evaluate
whether you can go back to work or not.
Come on.
Rae Plachecki, this is Jack Bauer.
You know the drill, Jack.
I'm gonna ask you some questions...
but I want you to know
I'm on your side.
We just want to establish if this heroin
addiction was a necessary part of your cover.
It was necessary to maintain my cover.
Are we done now?
Sit down, Jack.
This is Rae Plachecki.
The time is 2:31 a.m.
This is the interrogation of Jack Bauer,
Director of Field Ops, C. T.U.
Ryan Chappelle is present.
Jack, tell us how you established
your cover with Ramon Salazar.
I first came in contact with the Salazars
approximately two years ago.
They were an up-and-coming
narcotic cartel coming out of Mexico.
So when did you meet Amador?
Did you know him
when you were working at C.T.U?
Tell me something, Nina.
What kind of a deal
do you think you're gonna cut?
You betrayed everybody
you know, including me.
You murdered Jack's wife.
You helped terrorists smuggle
a nuclear bomb into this country.
You're helping to unleash a deadly virus
into the general population.
Help me understand this.
What do you want?
What is it you get
out of being a mass murderer?
Your neck is bleeding.
Dalton, what do you got?
So far, the only reactions
we're getting from her are subliminal.
If she's not gonna say anything,
we need to be more plugged into her vitals.
We could take her down to seven,
and give her a passive response test.
Seven's not secure enough.
She stays here.
- Where's Richards?
- He's waiting.
All right. Let's bring him in.
Send Darren in.
Nina, I don't think
you've met Darren Richards.
He joined us after you left.
Hello, Darren.
Don't take it personally.
He doesn't talk much.
Uh, something's not
connecting up for me, Jack.
You say that you weren't in with
the Salazars until early February.
But, the first time you started using
was late December.
That's six weeks of shooting up
for the benefit of no one.
- Am I missing something?
- I was trying to pass myself off as a junkie.
- I wanted to be prepared.
- What do you mean "prepared"?
The Salazars lived their entire lives
in the drug world.
If I couldn't handle the narcotics
that went with that territory...
they'd have known I was a cop,
and they'd have killed me.
- I needed to handle it.
- "Yeah, that makes sense."
But in January,
when you were putting needles in your arm...
you didn't have a meeting
with these guys.
- "It could've been a year for all you knew."
- What are you saying?
I am trying to establish incontrovertible
evidence you did drugs as part of your cover.
If I submit what you just told me,
it's not gonna hold up, Jack.
What do you want me to say?
I did drugs to get in with these people...
and I got in with them!
No matter how difficult
it's been, I don't use anymore.
Look, I'll write it up
that way, and maybe it'll fly.
But I just think you're gonna have
a problem because you never told anyone.
Not even your partner.
That's suspicious.
Rae, you know my history.
I've had a very difficult time
since my wife passed away.
If I told anyone that I was using drugs
to develop a case...
they would have misinterpreted it.
I couldn't afford that risk.
Well, that's what
they're gonna do now.
Rae, let's put down that Jack
started using heroin in late January...
after the first meeting
with Salazar was established.
I appreciate what you're trying to do, Ryan,
but that's not what happened.
Just trying to
save us all some paperwork.
- I'm okay with that.
- I'm not.
I started using in December.
I've got nothing to hide.
This office demands results.
And that's what I provide. Results.
- Fine.
- Can I get back to work?
Not quite yet, Jack.
He'll be here in an hour.
Just as long as we have enough time to leave
the country before they let this virus out.
Please, be seated.
Five hours ago, I went public with a statement
that there was a domestic terror threat.
But it had passed.
And now it appears that
that was premature.
Ladies and gentlemen...
do we or do we not have a threat of
this virus being released?
Sir, I'm afraid we can't answer
that question with any kind of certainty.
- What can you tell me, Mr. Hammond?
- What few leads we have...
indicate that Michael Amador
has the virus and is in Los Angeles.
For what purpose, we can't say.
Then we have to prepare for
defensive action here in Los Angeles.
And for that matter,
in "all of" our major cities.
Mr. President, you know our position
here at Homeland Security.
We think being forthright
with the public...
and making such preparations in
the open is the correct course.
Again, we have to assess
the downside of that course.
I have no problem with that, Mr. President,
as long as we realize...
we are working
against a clock.
I want all departments present to work up
an open versus covert containment strategy...
and report back to me in 30 minutes.
In the meantime, I want Health Services
to issue guidelines...
but only to be distributed internally.
- That is all. I'll be in my office.
- "Mr. President."
David.
Give us a second, please, Aaron.
Of course, sir.
Secret Service just received a phone call
from the West Los Angeles Police Department.
Alan Milliken is dead.
- What?
- He was found 15 minutes ago in his home.
All signs point to a heart attack.
- It isn't possible.
- Well, apparently, it is.
You told me Sherry was on her way
over there about an hour ago.
She changed her mind,
made some phone calls from her car.
Came straight back here.
David, is that what she told you?
- Yeah.
- And where is she now?
Resting.
- Aaron, take me to Sherry.
- Yes, sir.
She's right this way.
- Hasn't your shift ended?
- I stayed on.
I sense it's a difficult day,
and I wanted to be here for you.
- I appreciate that.
- Right in there, sir.
Thank you.
- Sherry.
- David.
- What's wrong?
- Alan Milliken is dead.
What? How?
- Why don't you tell me?
- What do you mean?
- "I told you I didn't go there."
- I know what you told me.
You sat in your car, you made some
phone calls, and you came straight here.
- Yes, and that's the truth.
- Then you won't mind the police
checking your cell phone...
- and the car you used tonight?
- You know...
you asked me to
take care of a problem, and I did.
If you want the police to check phone logs,
then have them check yours first.
Because, remember,
you called me tonight.
I am here because of you, David.
What happened, Sherry?
I went over to the house...
just to speak to Julia.
Alan interrupted us.
There was an argument, and...
he had a heart attack.
There's going to be an investigation.
You're gonna have to
tell the truth about this.
The truth isn't gonna
save either one of us.
All they're going to hear is
that I was there on your behalf...
to prevent Alan from
meddling with your presidency...
and that he died from natural causes.
How do you think that's gonna play out in
"the New York Times for the next six months?"
What did you do to Alan?
Honestly, David?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Kim, I transferred
that feed to your system.
- Do you want me to pull it up for you now?
- Yeah.
I don't think she's gonna
give them anything.
- We're gonna have to find
Marcus Alvers by ourselves.
- What can I do?
Um, I followed up on
some of his Asian connections.
In the meantime,
there's something I want you to look at.
- It's a long shot...
- What is it?
It's a list of cities where Marcus Alvers
has been in the last three years.
Each time only for a couple of days.
Maybe he was meeting somebody.
Cross it with the other suspects
in our database. Let me know
what you come up with, okay?
Okay.
I don't know why we have to go through
this again. I already answered that.
What is it, Edmunds?
Just want to give you
an update on Nina.
Rae, could you pause that?
- She give us anything new on Alvers?
- No.
Other than the probability she knew him
personally, she's not cooperating.
- What are we doing?
- Richards is working on her now.
- I think that's a mistake.
- Why?
I don't think anybody should be in there
that hasn't worked with her before...
doesn't know what she's capable of...
She'll manipulate him.
All Richards does
is inflict pain.
There's no way for her
to manipulate him.
Right.
How much more of this
you wanna endure, Nina?
I think this is about it.
She hit an artery.
- Michelle, call Medical!
- "No, she's bleeding too much!"
- We gotta take her there now!
- Tell Security...
We need someone from Medical.
Interrogation Room 8-19.
- Uncuff her!
- " Now!"
So what did Sherry have to say?
- That Alan had a heart attack.
- And you believe her?
I'd be a fool to believe anything
Sherry says to save herself.
But murder?
I can't imagine she'd do that.
David, we can't allow ourselves to be
caught off guard this time.
Now we have to assume the worst.
Then we'd also have to assume
that Julia was somehow involved.
What?
Whoa. Whoa, listen.
David, I'm sorry, but Julia's not
the same kind of person that Sherry is.
When we find out all the facts,
we'll proceed from there.
I have to go over
the morning brief with Jerry.
All right.
- Hello.
- Julia, it's me.
- Wayne?
- I just heard about Alan, and l...
- Are you alone?
- The police are here.
I was just going to speak
with one of the officers.
All right. Tell me what happened.
Wayne, Sherry was here
when it happened.
But she told me
not to tell the police.
Julia, I need for you to tell me exactly
what happened over there, all right?
We were talking with Alan.
He got excited.
Then he started to gasp for air.
- He gets angina.
- So you called 911, right?
No. No. I-I tried to
give him his medication.
What do you mean you tried?
Sherry stopped me. I went to help Alan,
and she grabbed my arm.
I just stood there.
I-I couldn't move.
I killed him, Wayne.
Shh, shh.
All right, listen to me carefully.
- I killed him.
- Call Alan's lawyer and do not say anything...
anything to anyone, until he gets there...
you understand me?
Wa-Wayne, could you
come down here and help me?
No, and please, don't call me.
I will help you, Julia, I will.
But for right now, I have to
keep my distance. I'm sorry.
Come on. Come on! Let's go!
One, two, three.
- Carotid's been lacerated. Start a twilight drip.
- "Yes, Doctor."
- Clamp.
" Line, please."
- Keep steady pressure.
- Yes, Doctor.
- Got it in?
- Yeah, I gotta get around there.
- " 3.0 silks."
- " 3.0 standing by."
- " More gauze."
- " Gauze."
- "Got it open."
- " Okay, clamp it."
Here you go, Doctor.
- " Keep the pressure on."
- "Yes, sir."
"Let's get some more gauze in here."
Okay, she's under.
I want you two stationed here. Do not
leave unless you hear directly from me!
Okay, Jack, those are all the questions
I'm obliged to ask.
If you've got anything else
you wanna add, Jack, now would be the time.
That's my statement... as it is.
My, God! Tony!
Nina tried to commit suicide.
She jammed her neck into
Richard's needle, ruptured an artery.
- Where is she now?
- She's in the clinic being operated on.
- Who's with her?
- Don't worry, Jack. She's sedated.
Tony, who's with her?
Damn it!
Which way did she go?
Lock down the building!
This is Ryan Chappelle.
Nina Myers is loose in the building.
Lock it down. Now!
Nina...
drop the gun,
put your hands on your head.
Now!
Kim, what the hell are you doing?
- "You don't wanna be any part of this."
- Shut up.
Just turn around and walk away.
If you leave now, you won't get hurt.
Kim.
Don't do it, Nina.
I swear to God I'll shoot you.
You won't kill me.
Nina, damn it!
Kim, back up. Back up.
Kim, I want you to go back into C. T.U.
Tell 'em we've got Nina.
- Dad, listen to me. We need...
- Kim, go now!
Please, baby, just go.
You don't have any more
useful information, do you, Nina?
I do.
No, you don't.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org